(DOCSP-38550): Update Edge Server landing page for Public Preview (#739)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/edge-server.txt

.. procedure::

   .. step:: Create an Edge Server Service

      You can use Edge Server with MongoDB Drivers and tools in an Edge 
      Server Service. Or you can use Edge Server with Atlas Device SDK to

>       develop mobile and edge applications with Device Sync, and get the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      develop Sync-enabled mobile and edge applications, and get the
```
original wording read as though only this option provides Device Sync

      benefits of conflict resolution and roaming between servers.

      To get started quickly, 

>       :ref:`create a template app <create-template-app>`.

Reviewer: it seems weird to just send users off to the Template Apps page without further context, esp since the destination doesn't mention Edge Server anywhere. Can we bolster this with some additional instruction for someone who isn't familiar with our template apps? e.g. `To get started quickly using an Atlas Device SDK mobile app... `

   .. step:: Install and Configure the Edge Server

      Configure hardware on-site or a cloud server to host your Edge Server.

>       Use our command line tool, ``edgectl``, to install and configure an 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Use our command line tool ``edgectl`` to install and configure an 
```
[nit] no commas, since I'd consider this a restrictive element
